before we begin let me start by saying
you rich people may have a few dollars
but basically you just trash the stars
of our movie today ah
spoiler alert the head vampire Kate
Hudson's mama
I swear Kate you look just like her and
Kate Hudson's Mama's husband what they
never got married what they had a kid I
swear the morals of this country are
going straight to hell in a handbasket
that's on file oh did it split up how do
you know splitting up at their age don't
matter because you done gave though the
person the best use of your thighs true
the banjo our store begins with a shot
of the thing you're rich it was probably
born on probably came out of your mama's
couch with a tennis racket in one hand a
wine spritzer and the other ballet
slippers on you the phone feet in the to
to covering yeah so the yacht pulls in
to elk Cove Oregon see how it says right
there below two elephants and Dean
Proffitt your neighbors prophet answers
the call the game from the yacht because
these rich folk need somebody who knows
how to work and when he arrives he meets
grant stating the third who says this is
a very expensive good I have lots and
lots of them to compensate for my tiny
penis and Dean says yes I'm here to work
my ass off for a miniscule amount of
money that doesn't make a damn bit of
difference to y'all in to the wicked to
the Pacific Northwest she probably even
got some ruby slippers
she's puffing on a cigarette thicker
than her husband's and is adorned with
tanky shoulder-pads best suited for
Freddie Mercury I swear I seen Freddie
performing an outfit just like that song
and all so basically you know this is
gonna be a diva from the devil so she
says have you worked for miniscule
amounts of money often and he says oh
yeah I've been doing some minuscule
amounts of money for years so she says I
need shells for my shoes and any drawers
for the drawers what do you do to get so
damn rich
what do you do tell me because Ron I can
tell her only job is lying on her
Richard telling other people what to do
which really isn't
all while working on her closet Dean
gets moon by Johanna and it takes a
little time to examine the moon he
notices a little strawberry mark high up
on one cheek that's about to slide off
because that butt so flat so anyway when
she tells him she ain't gonna pay him
because he didn't do the job to her
satisfaction which is what she tells
about the third every night Dean says to
her well I would rephrase it all Jeb
style but nothing I can write can be
funnier than what he actually says and
it go a little something like this
you know it's your problem is huh you so
damn boat that you gotta invent things
to chip out you ain't got a single thing
to do on this earth except for your hair
your closet was fine you just needed
something to take up your useless empty
nail polishing toe polishing rich [ __ ]
Sun tanning day and the crew is us in
the 99%
so she pushes him you know overboard
throws office in the water and says
everyone wants to be me yeah well if I
was a miserable rich piece of that's
what I'd have to tell myself to back at
Dean's humble abode the principal at his
heathen children's new school has paid
them hellions a visit and in true
heathen style they try to light up a
fire but Dean says no it's cool if y'all
find can put you out with the water
barrels I used to collect rain I am not
lying when I say I knew somebody who
actually used to collect raining barrels
and bathe in it I am not lying
the important thing to note here are
that Dean's wife is dead
he has false sons two of which are twins
and every babysitter he's been able to
afford he's running out of that back on
the yard Reds trying to make the
boom-boom with Joanne but she gives her
excuses and he's like how are you
eternally on the rag while grid is
watching lifestyles of the rich and
famous Johanna wobbles up to the deck to
try to find her wedding ring and as she
falls well overboard she yells for help
and because she is the cried wolf her
butt leg knows her screaming and grant
turns up the television because they
both sick of the incessant nagging from
that bleached blond dragon on the local
channel KRA B they interrupt this
broadcast to bring you a special
bulletin a local garbage boat has picked
up a very entry
ding piece of trash and oh my god since
the nice hotel owner my baby and then
how best looking so anyway grant is
watching the local news and sees that
this piece of trash was none other than
his own wife Joanne estate but she
doesn't know she's Joanna Staton and
neither does anybody else watch him
except Brant and not Paul news Leigh
just sit there like it seems that this
patient must be eternally on the rag
back to you Wilbur so grant does what
any good husband would do he goes to the
hospital considers taking a home Caesar
acting the pampered then says oh no I
don't know y'all can keep him out just
try but later they show her on the news
again and it just so happens that the
one other person who knows who she is
and the only man who probably hates her
more than her own husband Caesar and
unlike grant Dean actually wants
something from Joanna he is in Monday
and as we all know like Joanna karma is
a much at the hospital Dean collects the
fancy silk underwear Joanna was wearing
when they picked up that trash and he
tells everyone joanna is his wife and
then her name is Annie
Joanna insist she doesn't know team but
the hospital staff is like but it seems
like a nice guy kind of looks like a
knockoff on bait patrick swayze and we
want to get you to go down here because
you just wanna save money so he creates
this elaborate backstory about how after
she got out of the Navy he met her in
Seattle at Hanks doughnut world you know
back before all the rich folk moved into
Seattle and replaced the donut joints
with the frou-frou coffee shops but
Joanna keeps whining about how she wants
proof and AHA Dean hasn't he says she
got this little strawberry shaped
birthmark on her flat sheet if the
thought of revealing your hidden secrets
to a vengeful redneck doesn't scare you
out of wearing a thong cinto fixed the
gym just plain no I'm not yes Sam make
it lift the punishment begin act like
I'm just riding the front while your
tribes in the back
welcome home Annie come on in put on
your clothes we bought you at the
Salvation Army and meet you munchkins
they're real characters very animated
with lots of colorful personality think
of them like demonic Teletubbies except
all of them up Oh
yeah paul-dean convinces joanna /ne that
the best way to get her memory back is
to get right back to her normal routine
except the her normal routine did not
consist of anything remotely similar to
boiling a freshly hunted chicken with
all limbs and phalanges still attached
while you watch some children they're
supposed to be y'alls eat chocolate
syrup with raw spaghetti noodles in a
kitchen that looks like it smells like
butt and now the final and most
difficult chore at the end of a poor
woman's day convincing yo drunk hubby
that he can provide you with the Big O
well if you refuse to fake the Big O
you're gonna have to get wet a different
way sad the next moanin Dean wakes her
up to get them heathens on the bus to
school and Dean's like and yeah since I
knew you probably forget how to keep a
decent [ __ ] house I made you Celeste
I never realized he had to be done to
this don't I decided you could work off
what you owe me for 25 dollars a day
which should only tally up to a month's
worth of work but there's only what he's
thinking because if he really said that
he blows cover dummy you gotta spell out
everything for dumb rich folk and this
list of that needs to be done that Dean
never realized needed to be done to this
spell may just include feeding the
fellow just trimming away what might be
considered decorations at the crib of
The Addams Family super nice out of the
Frigidaire yeah well yeah it it chips
them off your frigid doing battle with
an old washing machine that disses your
cleaning skills come let's go realizing
that a chainsaw is better than your
hubby and literally sucking at
everything you do meanwhile back on the
yacht brent is looking like he's
spending a lot of money buying
everything except some rhythm Joanna's
mother calls grant looking for Johanna
and Andrew lies to her and says Johanna
and grant went shopping because that's a
perfect alibi for you rich boat cuz
that's all y'all and oh look at the
profits Johanna /ne or as I like to call
us Joannie
he's beginning to accept that this is
her life and is really starting to
settle into her new digs
when our heathen children superglue our
hands to some plates Johanna hoses all
them just down in the middle of the
living room and she likes it she yells
fire fire fire and rolls around in the
woods with them brats come on Richard
so don't just look like more fun than
dancing on the out
some bikini-clad whole name tofutti okay
maybe I'd rather have tofu the next day
of school that principal they failed to
set a flame is nagging these Paul things
about how they ain't too bright and she
calls for both of their parents the real
one and the rental and when the
principal criticizes the kids to Johanna
she recognizes they're covered in poison
oak from their little role in the woods
she goes the patrol and Dean learns
that's nice to have a Tony offside for
change therefore we can conclude that a
person's tolerance level form is
strictly determined by whether she's all
up in your face or someone else's that
night Joanne he learns that the littlest
bit can't read
she has an argument with Dean about how
he needs to be a better father to his
children and not spend so much time with
pinheads at the bowling alley and Dean
comes home that night and realizes just
how damn good it is to have a
perfectionist who knows how to get done
so he goes to offer her a little
thank-you see she's turned into an itchy
chief and agrees with her that she looks
kind of ugly Oh Dean you really smooth
ain't you but in the act of kindness he
offers her the bed and in case you ain't
figured it out yet the two people always
all you stop like each other every damn
time and when you Paul
your dreams are kind of small let's just
say miniature in Dean's case his dream
is a miniature golf course and a little
barbecue and the sticks Dean and Billy
are trying that damndest to find a new
way to revolutionize putt-putt and thank
God and as Johanna has traveled the
world knows about sums so Annie draws
some concept off of what they hope will
become wonders of the world many at your
golf course and again the next night
Dean goes bowling and this rich learns a
lesson all y'all rich just need someone
to school you with you might think we
all down getting faced at the titty bar
but in reality we're just trying to earn
a living and accept whatever speed job
is watching and all your other fancy
yeah automated robots y'all built we'll
save a few bucks ain't taking away from
us and the rent
the next day down at the prestigious
restaurant crabs are us which is
probably out of business now just like
Toys R Us because y'all greedy corporate
sons and just keep taking over
everything your little business Dean
presents the miniature golf course I did
to the investors because we broke folk
always need y'all Richard total
something and if those fish balls which
is what Paul Dean's been shoveling 90
family into second rent no great now the
children are getting attached and is
starting to resemble a functional family
and Dean starts feeling a little guilty
so he's like there's something important
I gotta tell you but first I think it
might be best if I go get you drunk and
after they get toothpaste at the city
bar they go outside where Dean tails are
a romantic story about star-crossed
lovers name something like Katrina went
on Torino or whatever who both douve
into the water to get to each other and
they both drown at the bottom of the
ocean and however time the water splash
it's them rocking the boat or getting
their freak on or something I don't know
it's long story and probably a lot less
romantic when I tell it anyway so the
sound of my voice telling that story
gets them all hot and bothered and they
go home and ruck their own boat which is
kind of stuff if you consider she's only
doing it because she thinks she's his
wife the next day Johanna finds the silk
underwear that a hers but assumes they
belong to somebody else and you know
your memory is up when you don't even
recognize your own drawers but Joanna
thinks he's been creepin and then they
argue over a divorce they can't have
because they you're married
so Dean tries to tell the truth but the
heath and children and Billy all lie to
her and tell her they don't know what
the Dean is talking about then they go
to the grand opening of the wonders of
the world Joanna's mother tells grant
that he bet a Habeas joannec office and
when Johanna and Dean and their brood of
brats get home grant is there to take
Johanna back to her useless empty nail
polishing toe polishing rich suntanning
life and she look around like Oh king
great all that work to get this clean
and now I gotta leave and now everybody
is miserable
the kids are miserable Dean's miserable
Joanna's miserable Brad's miserable
especially when everybody always trying
to make him do he don't want to do in
fact the only person the a miserable is
this shrink they hired to help Joanna
that knows he can make a load of money
if it keeps on saying joanna is going to
get back to normal in her own time which
may take decades and a load of money and
the crew that joanna shat all over until
Dean exorcised the devil out of a star
- kind of like Johanna because she can
throw back a shot as good as any of them
I'd like to think if I was rich this is
how I'd go about it
jab the voice of the common man hanging
out with the little people just don't be
hitting me up all alone and then Joanna
apologizes to her manservant for winning
the top of the Year award 29 times in a
row then the butler says some deep [ __ ]
about how Joanna has been poaching it to
experience life from opposite ends of
the money spectrum and Joanna gets a
little teary and goes and blows a nose
on a $100 bill then Dean and Joanna both
decide that they're tired of being
miserable and they go to find each other
and they find each other food I was good
easy and Dean yells good treno and Joe
anything else on to Reno and they both
jump overboard and swim to meet each
other
well Dean swimming but Joanna don't look
like she going nowhere Luda Jim Jim
Owens and they smooch in the water while
grant gets kicked overboard for trying
to hop on the boat with a suction cup
arrow
get out now you dumb rich [ __ ] well
actually you done broke [ __ ] now
because AHA plot twist
all the money is actually Joanna's you
didn't really think she was going to
move off of that yacht and do it every
night with that man unless he could
afford to wash off the smell of sawdust
and fish guts
did you and now the whole fam devil is
back together again and the children are
already Walden Debashish
and I'm not crying because it's a
beautiful ending I'm crying because
these two dummies are seriously
considering having a fifth child because
Joanna wants to bring into this sad
world the daughter who can grow up to be
a useless empty nail polishing sole
polishing son painting rich just like a
oh dear God just what we need God - you
advised of condoms please
that includes you Rob and if your
Brazilian booty lift budget doesn't
leave you $4.99 for a box of Trojans
just get your limo driver to take you
down to the free clinic they come in all
colors of the rainbow down there to
match all the items in your wardrobe
be sure to LIKE share and subscribe for
your pics of meth which you will only
get when I'm able to work on new videos
until then you just gonna have to suffer
just like if you would like to help Jeb
not be broke poke any longer and would
like more videos faster please consider
becoming a member of my patreon I have a
link in the description and I'm working
on setting up some good rewards for
those of you who become patrons as much
or as little as you can donate doesn't
matter because every bit helps and by
every bit I mean every dollar bit thank
you to those who have already become
patrons into those who will be doing so
in the near future for mowers explain
for I'm Jeb Oh die I know I should in
this last line with something witty but
ain't you laughed enough today
pretty bits love you